To all my family and friends: A holy year 2023 and may God fill you with blessings.

THANK YOU!
Lord, for peace, for joy, for the union that men, my brothers, have given me; for those eyes that looked at me with tenderness and understanding; for that opportune hand that raised me up, for those lips whose words and smiles encouraged me, for those ears that listened to me, for that heart that friendship, care, and love gave me.

THANK YOU, Lord, also for the success that stimulated me, for the health that sustained me, for the comfort and fun that gave me rest.

THANK YOU, Lord… it's hard for me to say… for illness, for failure, for disappointment, for insult, for deceit, for injustice, for loneliness, for the death of a loved one.
You know, Lord, how difficult it was to accept it; maybe I was on the verge of despair, but now I realize that all this brought me closer to You. You know what you did!

THANK YOU, Lord, above all for the faith that you have given me in You and in men.
For that faith that was shaken, but that You never stopped strengthening, how many times hunched over under the weight of discouragement, made me walk the path of truth despite the darkness.

HELP
I have also come to implore you for the year that is about to begin, 2023. What the future holds for me, I do not know, Lord. Living in uncertainty, in doubt, I don't like it, it bothers me, it makes me suffer. But I know that You will always help me.

I can turn my back on you. I am free.
You will never give it to me, you are faithful.
I know that I will count on Your help.
You know I won't always cooperate.
I know that you will reach out to me.
You know I won't always take it.

Therefore, today I ask you to help me to let me help,
May you fill my life with hope and generosity.
Do not abandon the work of your hands, Lord...

 
FORGIVENESS
I could not retire without pronouncing that word that I should have told you so many times, but that due to my negligence and pride I have kept silent.

FORGIVENESS, Lord, for my negligence, carelessness and forgetfulness, for my pride, for my vanity, for my foolishness and whim, for my silence and my excessive talkativeness.

FORGIVENESS, Lord, for prejudging my brothers, for my lack of joy and enthusiasm, for my lack of faith and trust in You, for my cowardice and my fear in my commitment.

FORGIVENESS, because they have forgiven me and I have not known how to forgive.

FORGIVENESS for my hypocrisy and duplicity, for that appearance that I take care of so carefully, but, deep down, it is nothing more than deception to myself and others.

FORGIVENESS for those lips that did not smile, for that word that I kept silent, for that hand that I did not extend, for that look that I averted, for those ears that I did not lend, for that truth that I omitted, for that heart that did not love... For that ME which was preferred. Sir, I've not told you everything.
Fill with Your love, my silence and my great cowardice.

THANK YOU for everyone who doesn't thank you.
HELP all those who do not implore Your help.
FORGIVENESS for all those who do not ask for forgiveness.

You have heard me… now, Lord, speak You, I hear you…
One year ends, Lord.

THANK YOU, Lord, for everything you gave me this year.
THANK YOU for the sunny days and the sad, cloudy ones.
THANK YOU for the quiet nights and the restless dark hours.
Thank you for health and disease.
THANK YOU for the sorrows and the joys.
THANK YOU for everything you lent me and then asked me for.
THANK YOU, Lord, for the kind smile and the helping hand, for the love and everything beautiful and sweet.
For the flowers and the stars and the existence of children and good souls.
THANK YOU for the loneliness, for the work, for the difficulties, and the tears, for everything that brought me closer to You.
THANK YOU for Your presence in the tabernacle and the grace of the sacraments.
For letting me live…
THANK YOU, MY LORD.

A year begins
Turn another leaf in the book of my life.
What will the coming year bring?
Whatever you want, Lord.
But I ask you for faith to look at you in everything.
Hope not to faint.
Perfect charity in everything you do, think, and want.
Give me Patience and Humility.
Give me Detachment and a total Forgetfulness of myself.
Give me, Lord; what you know suits me, and I don't know how to ask,
May I love you more and more, and make you love those around you.
May I be great in the small.
May you always have an alert heart, an attentive ear, active hands and mind, and a willing foot?
Pour out, Lord, Your graces, on everyone I love.
My love encompasses the world, and although I am very small, I know that you fill everything with Your immense goodness.

AMEN
